docs(community): reposition community and support docs to reflect both products (#77661)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/community/contributing-to-airbyte/issues-and-requests.md

# Issues and feature requests

> If you're an enterprise or paid customer, discuss your needs with support or another Airbyte representative. For all other requests, see these options.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're a paid customer, discuss your needs with support or another Airbyte representative. For all other requests, see these options.
```

## Report a bug

### Data replication

Bug reports help make Airbyte better for everyone. Airbyte provides templates for reporting data replication bugs to make it clear what information maintainers need.

1. To avoid duplicate reports, check if the bug was [already reported](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Atype%2Fbug).

2. Submit a [bug report](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/new/choose) in GitHub.

### Airbyte Agents

> For bugs related to Airbyte Agents, create a ticket in the [support center](https://support.airbyte.com/hc/en-us/requests/new). Airbyte Agents is closed-source, so GitHub issues are not used for Agents bug reports.

Author: ```suggestion
For bugs related to Airbyte Agents, create a ticket in the [support center](https://support.airbyte.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).
```

## Request a new feature or connector

> [Starting a Github Discussion](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions) is the best way to request new data replication features or connectors.

Author: This is only true for data replication. Make a cleaner divide here between the two products. Use headings.

# Issues and feature requests

> If you're a paid customer, discuss your needs with support or another Airbyte representative. For all other requests, see these options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're a paid customer, discuss your needs with support or another Airbyte representative. For all other requests, see these options:
```

## Report a bug

### Data replication

Bug reports help make Airbyte better for everyone. Airbyte provides templates for reporting data replication bugs to make it clear what information maintainers need.

1. To avoid duplicate reports, check if the bug was [already reported](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Atype%2Fbug).

2. Submit a [bug report](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/new/choose) in GitHub.

### Airbyte Agents

> For bugs related to Airbyte Agents, create a ticket in the [support center](https://support.airbyte.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).

Author: Or use the community Slack channel airbyte-agents. Link to it like you do in other places.

> For bugs related to Airbyte Agents, create a ticket in the [support center](https://support.airbyte.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) or use the [`#airbyte-agents`](https://airbytehq.slack.com/archives/C0B1CUSEQKT) channel in Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bugs related to Airbyte Agents, create a ticket in the [Support Center](https://support.airbyte.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) or use the [`#airbyte-agents`](https://airbytehq.slack.com/archives/C0B1CUSEQKT) channel in Slack.
```

## Request a new feature or connector

### Data replication

[Starting a Github Discussion](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions) is the best way to request new data replication features or connectors.

Requesting new features [or connectors](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions/categories/new-connector-request) is an essential way to contribute. Your input helps Airbyte understand your needs and priorities, enabling the team to enhance the capabilities and versatility of Airbyte.

### Airbyte Agents

> For Airbyte Agents feature requests, use the [support center](https://support.airbyte.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Airbyte Agents feature requests, use the [Support Center](https://support.airbyte.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).
```
